README.md, before:

ledger stats is a simple browser-based frontend for ledger, a double-entry
accounting system with a command-line reporting interface.

## Requirements

- A web server with [PHP](http://php.net) 5.3.0+ installed
- [ledger](https://github.com/jwiegley/ledger) 3.0.0 (may work with older versions)

## Installation

Simply place the `ledger-stats` directory in a publicly accessible location
within your web server's document root and access the `index.php` file it 
contains.

## Configuration

`config.php` contains a default set of configuration settings that can be
modified to suit your preferences. Each setting is documented to indicate the
purpose of its value. In particular, the `file` setting must be set to the 
path of a data file in the ledger format that ledger stats will query. 

## Usage

Optionally enter in a beginning or ending date or amount, one or more accounts
to include or exclude, or an optional depth limit. Account names must be
comma-separated. If no accounts are specified, all accounts are included by
default. To exclude an account, prefix an account name with a hyphen (`-`).
Begin typing a portion of an account name to have it autocomplete. When you've
entered all desired criteria, submit the form to see visualizations of the data
provided by plugins.

## Plugins

ledger stats provides the ability to filter transactions by account, date,
and amount. It then passes the filtered transactions to plugins, files in
the `plugins` directory that return a closure to execute. These closures are
executed in line to display whatever output they will. They have access to
the jQuery and Highcharts libraries. See the bundled files in the `plugins`
directory for examples.

## Dependencies

The following dependencies are bundled with ledger stats:

- [jQuery](http://jquery.com) 1.6.2
- [jQuery UI](http://jqueryui.com) 1.8.16
- [Highcharts](http://highcharts.com) 2.1.6

Note that Highcharts is _not_ free for commercial use. For more information, 
refer to its [licensing terms](http://www.highcharts.com/license).

Commit message:

Clean up configuration a bit
- Move `config.php` to `config.sample.php` and added additional
  documentation
- Update `README.md` to account for the name change
- Add `.gitignore` with `config.php` to ignore local custom
  configuration

README.md, after:

ledger stats is a simple browser-based frontend for ledger, a double-entry
accounting system with a command-line reporting interface.

## Requirements

- A web server with [PHP](http://php.net) 5.3.0+ installed
- [ledger](https://github.com/jwiegley/ledger) 3.0.0 (may work with older versions)

## Installation

Simply place the `ledger-stats` directory in a publicly accessible location
within your web server's document root and access the `index.php` file it 
contains.

## Configuration

`config.sample.php` contains a sample set of configuration settings that can be
modified to suit your preferences. Each setting is documented to indicate the
purpose of its value. In particular, the `file` setting must be set to the
paths of one or more data files in the standard ledger or ledger XML formats
that ledger stats will query. 

## Usage

Optionally enter in a beginning or ending date or amount, one or more accounts
to include or exclude, or an optional depth limit. Account names must be
comma-separated. If no accounts are specified, all accounts are included by
default. To exclude an account, prefix an account name with a hyphen (`-`).
Begin typing a portion of an account name to have it autocomplete. When you've
entered all desired criteria, submit the form to see visualizations of the data
provided by plugins.

## Plugins

ledger stats provides the ability to filter transactions by account, date,
and amount. It then passes the filtered transactions to plugins, files in
the `plugins` directory that return a closure to execute. These closures are
executed in line to display whatever output they will. They have access to
the jQuery and Highcharts libraries. See the bundled files in the `plugins`
directory for examples.

## Dependencies

The following dependencies are bundled with ledger stats:

- [jQuery](http://jquery.com) 1.6.2
- [jQuery UI](http://jqueryui.com) 1.8.16
- [Highcharts](http://highcharts.com) 2.1.6

Note that Highcharts is _not_ free for commercial use. For more information, 
refer to its [licensing terms](http://www.highcharts.com/license).
